no I and weight among and I'm going oh
no what needs to happen we play our game
and take what's ours okay let's do this
what's good everybody I'm back again
with another video and in the very first
play of the game I get junior up in the
air I go in with a nice reverse Fathead
this really how we gonna start the game
on today check it out Junior Smith
trying to untie my Jordans right there
but he couldn't do it and then Raymond
Felton had to pay for so guys you know
what's up with the free throw that's
Steve Nash free throw you can count it
so as I'm walking back down the court
I'm showing off the Jays and these are a
couple of the answers that got it right
there could have been more but these are
the ones I saw at the moment and I'm
rocking the jordan 5 this game so make
sure you leave a comment on the Jays
that I could be rocking in the next game
and you may see yourself in my video but
right here I'm driving it in once again
and Jermaine O'Neal gets put on a
Fathead likewise he still in the league
like Germaine I remember when you were a
pacer dog that's what you play with
Reggie Miller guys he needs to go ahead
and retire so now we're playing some
solid defense Felton missing a jump shot
Kris Humphries actually doing something
for once I'm pushing it up on the brake
crossing them over driving in getting
the flesh is this really how we're gonna
do the game today but is this how we're
gonna really in the next tape as i get
another flush I'm just taking it to the
cup every time right now and I'm playing
some solid dealing man and guess what
guys you know it's coming oh no on the
play you know better than that come on
Ricky I'm calling him a Ricky and I'm a
rookie but I feel like a vet now I've
been in the league this long what 60
games now but now I got a mari Nonis on
me I'm crossing them up taking it to the
cup putting them in the spin cycle with
no fabric softener and I get that bucket
to go it's like the more you watch TV
these days you see Amar'e Stoudemire
just getting a dup he can't jump like
you used to
and now I'm calling for it on the break
I got it now I'm driving down the lane
once again and that's a big boy lay up
right there I ate my Wheaties before the
game gotta show him my strength as I am
shooting 548 right now it's okay for me
you know i'm normally shooting about a
hundred as i find Jeremy Lin Jeremy
Lin's the only smart one on the guy no
Asian pun intended right there but he is
gonna be able to cut for me in any
situation he's smart enough to realize
that so now I have it again my man goes
over the screen driving in getting
another layup so we're battling away I
got all our points basically and that's
all the way we're gonna stay in the game
right seems like none of my teammates
are gonna show up but soon they're gonna
start doubling me and I knew that was
coming I found my teammates Gerald
Wallace I guess he sees Jeremy Lin on
the court is slashing he decides he
wants to be a slasher as well and look
at this mellow in the paint mellow you
got mellow you got to do something with
the ball mellow where is memos headband
2k where is mellows headband alright
that's 2k having another issue but we
get a big block right there by Shannon
fri i'm calling for it on the break
weaving by getting the hoop in the horn
with the bucket right there and look at
junior and mellow argue once again isn't
that always what's happening with the
Knicks take these days as i drive in and
I show them out crossing them over
getting a Fathead put both of those guys
on my poster I'm enjoying life right now
my team is gonna make the playoffs
another double teaming me again i could
get a Channing Frye I'm telling him to
shoot he doesn't make it i snag the
rebound taking it back out set up the
offense we know better than that we got
to set things up they send the double
once again i could get the blessing and
bless O drives in and finishes with the
left hand I kind of missed him man when
he was hurt it hurt us a lot as a team
now i'm driving in once again and jr.
that's for trying to untie my shoes
earlier in the game get on that fat hand
make sure you pick up that poster at
Fathead calm and tell you guys you're
gonna see those there one day I don't
know when but you may see a poster old
fat head one day as I go behind my back
putting the mariana fetid i'm just
having too much fun against the knicks
if i could play the knicks and their do
fans every night I wish I could I would
and now i'm driving once again finishing
with the layup giving me 23 points and
you guys know i needed at least 21 to
get over my season average so i can keep
that gatorade sponsorship out there and
I'm swinging around late in the game
blessed so could be the hero he could
not make it so now we just got to play
some solid defense and they got a chance
Carmelo 18 pumps later he misses the
shot I snagged a rebound we're gonna run
the clock out guys and we're gonna get
that victory y'all be good i'll have
another video out real soon please drop
a like and also guys leave a comment
down below which JS you think i'm gonna
be trying to wear next in the next video
you